yes hello and welcome white
vector people in the last days
roll over so the
new ideas of new high end
smartphones formally last week that
note 2 and today just now has nokia
his new home flagship with windows
phone 8 presented namely the nokia
lumia 920 next to the tvs of samsung so
the first smartphone with windows phone 8
that finally has high end hardware
we are talking about a 4 5 inch tall one
hd display with a resolution of 1280
x 768 pixels
we have a dual core cpu but the
snapdragon s4 in my opinion the
best cpu together with the ex 144 12
currently in the market although they only
a dual-core cpu is we have
Of course, the processor clocked
By the way, with 1 5 gigahertz here
besides, we have a gigabyte
Memory 32 GB internal memory
and that is finally like already at
efes expandable with micro sd
a clear step into the future
from windows phone 8 and also from nokia
We also have an 8 megapixel
camera and more
also the display technology has nokia
So its got clear black technology
nokia once again revised called
now promotion age the place should
react much faster than others
lc-displays so we have no here
amoled display but a lcd display
and a real innovation is mine
opinion this this new touch
technology that allows it
smartphone for example with gloves
to use so that was with before
capacitive touchscreens not
problem-free but it is possible with the
lumia 920 finally my opinion
after finally a useful one
innovation
In addition, the clear black
technology is finally on the
adjust lighting conditions well
and therefore always a good one
ensure readability of the display
sounds good in theory now
I'm curious how to do that in the
practice has implemented another
Highlight will be shown below
the camera is the whole certified
one again with this preview
technology you already know from nokia
but android preview knows that
not that that still lumia 920 a 41
megapixel camera has no it has an 8
7 megapixel camera and nokia has today
once again clarified that preview im
not for this 41 megapixel camera
but stands for the whole
innovative camera software and all
innovations nokia in the camera sector
but one promises that this camera
should take much better pictures
such as a samsung galaxy s3
I'm curious
So synonymous with a lot of new cameras
software
I can not now you all this
tell otherwise the video takes one
half an hour but she has in theory
quite well heard I'm curious
if that works so well in practice as well
looks
here below you can see this again
tweet the nokia confirms that
sensor of the camera everything newly developed
has been
also on the led lightning one worked
many have a xenon flash
is hoped but is again an led
but it is supposed to have a flash as well
significantly improved and yes it will
even in darker areas
excellent results then
guarantee
also nokia maps have been revised with
Arguments have been incorporated into reality
I'm curious to call her now
nokia city dance and yes sounds very much too
interesting i already have nokia maps
always found well
but I can now me much about
we have to wait and see how
that will look like this in practice
Another highlight is wireless charging
One has already speculated about it
So finally a device with wireless
charging you have the battery cover there
do not exchange such as with
a palm pre is not possible
because we have of course again
Polycarbonate unibody design for
design
But I'll be right and yes nokia has
With it a big cafe chain in the USA
already concluded a contract
that is then in all coffee houses
give this chain such wireless corners
where to charge your smartphone directly
can
sounds really cool I'm curious
Of course we also have nfc on board
also a 2000 milliamp hours
strong battery does not sound like now
little but not too special
a lot of
We remember that note 2 has 3100
milliHours I'm curious if
2000 milliamp hours for all these
services and these hardware are enough
become
as I said of course with windows phone 8
and another highlight is of course
the design people look at this
Ingenious design of the thing will be in the
yellow as we already have here
So see quite a name design of the lumia
900 but oriented up with clearly
finer edge finally got me there
he's listening
In addition, the device is still in the
give red colors and here in silver in
black and in white
So you see the picture here , of course
Again unibody made of polycarbonate looks
but in my opinion quite absolutely
awesome as a beautiful smartphone
joshua topolsky the editor of
the verge has already praised and has
said that this is one of the most beautiful
smartphones is the one in the hand had
So you may already be listening to me
really impressed by what he has there
just showed both from the
software age of the hardware that are
in my opinion, really a few
useful innovations here
Now let's wait until the whole
I'll test, of course
and yes , just wanted to talk about it
inform what nokia is there right now
I have hopefully presented the video
you like and now have the nokia
livestream on
thank you for watching i say how
always until next time